Adding sign in log info (#90019)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/external-collaboration-settings-configure.md

Add-MsolRoleMember -RoleObjectId 95e79109-95c0-4d8e-aee3-d01accf2d47b -RoleMemberEmailAddress <RoleMemberEmailAddress>
```

> ## Sign in logs for B2B users
> 
> When a B2B user signs into a resource tenant to collaborate, a sign in log is generated in both the home tenant and the resource tenant. These logs include information such as the application being used, the tenant name and tenant ID for both the home tenant and the resource tenant, and their email address. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sign-in logs for B2B users

When a B2B user signs into a resource tenant to collaborate, a sign-in log is generated in both the home tenant and the resource tenant. These logs include information such as the application being used, email addresses, tenant name, and tenant ID for both the home tenant and the resource tenant. 

```
